BasicColorCode.py is something I thought of creating on my own, to hopefully beable to learn as I try to create my final view,
as well as be helpfull, at least in a small way, as of now. 

Currently the app brings up the color picker, and print/returns the color choosen as the output. The color is in a tuple, 
with 4 values total. 0 is red, 1 is Grenn, 2 is blue for RGB. The last 3rd (or 4th not progmatically) is the HEX value.
So I am currently trying to figure out how to pass that value to another class or method, or function, somehow to create 
squares or rectangles of that color. If I could get the colors in a vertical or horizontal column and save them,it would 
be awesome and a start to my overall view witch has a ton of actual uses, however I do not see myself being able to implement
half of them for some time, due to my skill level. 

My goal for now is just displaying the colors like a paint swatch, you find at paint stores with the colors. The ability
to save them, idc what type of file, it would be nice if it wasn't a python file, but to see the squares when opening
a file with the color number would be awsome. This way people could make color schemes and save them, know what colors
they like to use for themes in many things, for example IDEs.

As I grow or this does if people find it and want to work on it (i kind of doubt lol) I have many more idea to implement in the 
GUI.
Some other things I would like to add after this first hurdle, color format converter, to change colors from their RGB to HEX 
and the other main types. The next thing would be ability to import an image and use the eyedrop tool to pick colors and save 
them just as you can with the color picker you can access now, but not save or see.

Also this is a bit of a leap, and maybe better for wxpython, but a mini browser, with search functions on a tab, that searchs 
images, this would be if you do not have an image of what you want to pick colors from, it would be really just a google image 
bing or duckduckgo or all search results displayed, then allowing a user to pick colors from that and save to their virtual color
'swatch'. For example, if you play Xbox you have heard of Halo, I played a lot of Halo in my day, even competed ect. My name on here
is axtually a reference to a Halo 2 exploit/glitch to double shot (if you played head of a BXR like that but much more advanced)
Anyway, I really like the colors on one of the maps, Midship. It has purple everywhere, with some steel colors, and some light blue
teal, cobalt, some pinks, magentas, dark blue and black, ect. I wanted to create a theme in ATOM and PyCharm named Midship and
with the colors from the map as I love the way they look, don't plan on using the main purple that's everywhere as the backround
but maybe as the main font color. So this is an example of where the image color selection could come in handy. Also a quick
built in search tab would be nice so pointless images arn't saved by the user. I had this idea after reading WX documents
and saw all their toolsets and realized this is very possible with wx python, sure it is with tkinter, just maybe need to learn
more. Also I am down to use wx python, I may even create a version with that, and just work on them almost side by side until the
one that seems to have better tools sets, and I learn and can utilize better, I may switch to. As of now I obly have used Tkinter
I have created to most basic of apps with wx and will post that, or maybe once it has a color chooser.

Ok so, those are some of the thing I have thought of a GUI being capable of. Also generate themes in CSS or LESS shouldn't be that
hard in theory. I cannot do it off the top of my head, but I know it can be done. Using just a template and inputing their colors
even if there isn't very much functionality in customizing what colors do what, or any, that fine as it can always grow. Again, I hope
this is something to be worked on for a long time and always improving, even if it gets everything done quickly, I would be happy because
I will have learned a lot. I plan to hopefully work on this for years in my laerning, and hopefully it serves as a good tool
one day to others, and in the process I learn as much as possible, there is no end to knowledge in programming, and I am far behind
as I never tried to write anycode, I had a false impression, and thought there was much more math, and it was all math, I don't
enjoy math very much, I do not dislike it, I just don't perform well in standardized tests when it comes to the math part, usually
lack od studying honnestly. That is the purpose I waited until I was 27 or 28 to become actually truly interested and started 
putting effort into the subject and don't plan to stop. I just wish I had went to school for CS or evn IT instead of Psychology,
I love the subject, but I have always loved CS and IT and even Graphic design, and anything with technology down to hardware,
(psychology is really almost exact oppsite) I love the study of behavior and it is very interesting, however the job market in
anything remotley related to CS, IT, litterally is crazy. Anything that slightly focus' on softwar, hardware or networking,
is booming and will be for my entire life. I advocate CS ad IT in all schools, starting in 1st grade a little intoduction even,
should be studied just as History, as it is just as important, as is math, science (argubly more as it has so many subjects).

The whole thing is pretty much a tool for creating and saving custom color pallettes.

This will probably serve to store some files, code ect. Perhaps I will upload my code for the Python for Everyone (PY4E) Coursea 
class I recently finished. Also maybe a project I have in the works once it gets more complex or just if I feel the need to upload
it or anything else. I will try to put together material to help (hopefully not cheat) anyone thinking about Charels Severence's 
class (the python course sponsored by U of M. Only a few exist may test the IBM one out before continuing with more of these
courses. It was very helpful as being self taught and a begginer for almost a year. Don't bother with anything unless I edit this
it will be waste your time, trust me. 
