General-Random information on folder and Projects See extended README for more information that is not neccasary, meaning only need to read this. Anyone can commit, if you read these next few lines, you can skip to the bottom where the # are and just read that and probably be all caught up on what I'm trying to do without any fluff.

I do not plan on having anyone commit, however if you would like to you are more than welcome. In the end it will probably end up being more help towards me learning than any final application. Until things change, or at a very slow pace as this is a project I am using to learn, and have many ideas to incorporate into the app, however I am not at the level I need to be. So I am using ColorPickerBasic.py as a project for me to grow, and learn by finding out how to do all the things I would like to. Including many GUI functions. This will most likley be done at a very slow rate as it depends on my understanding of python and I am a begginer. If anyone for any reason is interested in that (not sure why) check out the extended README.

Here is where I am trying to go from what I have.
I would like the tuple that is returned to instead be passed to a class, method that can display the color chosen on a frame as the backround, or on a canvas as a short but wide line (so it's a square or close to it). 

The colored square should be able to be in a loop or at least always present on the window or another window, once the user chooses a color. Then saved, if it needs to be in a loop, then part of a loop if not, however else it may be done. The color needs to rmain as they choose another color to create another square next to or below the already choosen color(s).

The objective is to have a 'virtual' color swatch. (Color Swatches are the color palletes, with 4-6 colors at paint stores to help pick a color).

I would also like to eventually save the color swatches or custom pallete displayed in a row or column, in a file of any kind, jpeg, doc txt anything as long as a color will show up on said file.

Eventually, far down the road I would like to have many more functions, converting color formats, generating color themes for syntax for ATOM, PyCharm and any other IDE that is popular at the time. (IDC really what IDE this is just something I would like to create, and maybe idk because I am not liking pycharm latley and have ATOM but had problems with it, all probably based on my lack of knowledge btw).

As I understand it should be perfectly fine and not that complex to generate a theme with a users custom picked pallete, by inserting them into a template. I am not worried about choices on customization or anything at the moment, and wont be for a long time. Basically, because I don't even know how to call one of the values that is in the output and display it. I think the trouble is because it is a tuple. If anyone can help or just do that by creating the Class, and/or Functions, methods it will help me understand python. As this is the first attempt I have taken to create a class, and methods/functions on my own. Meaning not part of a question that gives you the Class, or other info, or a tutorial or guide or other learning tool. I cannot find another script attempting to do what I am, witch I find very weird as I feel like this is not such an abstact idea?

So I figure the grid method would be best considering what I have as ideas on showing the colors, witch are:
1.) Showing the colors as the backround as frames, and the frames being in a window, and horizontal or vertical (option for either oneday...)
2.)Showing the colors as a very high width line on a canvas, while the line is about as long as its width. Creating a square.

I have no idea witch of the 2 ways would be easier, also need to figure out if I need a seperate window, or maybe many seperate windows, i'm not sure, and that is what I am trying to figure out, aswell as much more, including how to make a class in general that gets values from the output.

I know the root=Tk() should be lower in the script, I just moved it temperarily, really if you wish to commit it go ahead. Actually go ahead and make any commits you want I will allow it, it's deserved if you made it this far. Thanks.


    THIS IS A SUMMARY OF WHAT IS NEEDED REALLY AND WHAT THE ENTIRE TEXT SAYS

#need class for window or line or frames that will take that color (sub-class)
#anyone whom comes across this feel free to help I'm new trying to create 
#Either frames or Canvas' that fill to the colors choosen and ability to save 
#Those colors or an image with color numbers, so I need to pass the RGB values from the output 
#witch is a tuple, or the last value 4rd value in HEX to create the color
#The easiest way I think would be to draw a very thick line so it's a square or close to it
#Grid is probbaly going to be used, at least with my logic it should work, however I am probably wrong
#or the backround of individual frames. I do not believe it is possible to fill squares that are part of 
#the Grid function, because it changes square sizes based on widgets ect.

As of now obviously anyone can copy that code and use it, no license except me saying take it.
